Does the family have 2H yin hard work?
Dr. Su, you have received so many patients
Do you know anyone who shares his blood type?
Your fiancee Zhao Jingxuan's mother has this blood type
Ok I'll go find him
Yanyan and Aunt Zhao not only look like blood-type faces
Is this really pride?
Check the relationship between Yanyan and Mrs. Zhao
Send it to me as soon as you find it.
That's it.
Ok Mr. Shen
You're awake
Are you still feeling bad?
What about children?
Still haven't arrived.
But it doesn't matter.
We will have it later.
Get out
Go away
Let it get caught
Miss Zhang's miscarriage made the cancer cells spread even more
If you don't treat it in time, it will be too late.
Zhao Shuyan heard that your mother miscarried you
Your mother is so cruel to you, what are you doing here?
Come back and care about you
You need to get better soon, OK?
I still want you to attend the wedding and seder in a week
Leaves after all
You are a witness to our love